let's see he's telling me places that this
is a really big Ari Gameplays gossip
from 10 minutes ago and he tells me Ari
Gameplays I'm sure the chat is going to know
who he's talking about I don't know if I understand it correctly
but it sounds to me like This is going to be like like like
Ari is talking about
someone indirectly without knowing
who or rather without mentioning no eh Ugh loud
loud not loud the gossip well come on We're
going to see press the like button
burst the like button remind you that
we are at what I said 300 400
subscribers to reach 300,000
subscribers tonight eh 300,000
subscribers tonight okay I'm
leaving it in your hands is that
tonight is epic eh For now good
perch According to tesa According to tesa
good perch has promised that if we reach
2,500 members right now he was putting up
to 3,000 to reach 3,000
huge smoke guys if you give away a
member each we do it but  let's go
here just having a sicit okay you guys
I decided if tonight is epic or is it just another one of the
bunch okay let's see what
Ari did just gave away another 10 I'm
going to add them up and we would be over
2300 Carolina over there I'm seeing that she has
become a member too okay
things are getting serious eh
things are getting
serious it depends on you guys if the night is
epic Uh but in the morning when I
woke up I read a tweet from a
content creator that I had
previously spoken to we followed each other sometimes
like we exchanged messages since
2015 and And he posted a message like made
for me and eh Like hate and I'm not
crying about it eh I'm not that weak eh
made for me and and I sent him a message
and I said Hey can you give me a reason
why you're getting into these
issues that have nothing to do with each other and and why the
hate directly towards me when let's see
who or rather a content creator
that Ari was talking to, they already talked and
followed each other for a while and then no
During 2015 I have never treated you badly
and I have always been very nice I'm not
going to say names he answered me he asked for my
forgiveness he told me as if he hadn't had
empathy for me that he apologized with
all his heart that he did it as a
joke but well also right now I
feel like everyone is getting
the joke of throwing Play throwing the
squirrel at him Thank you very much over there
the squirrel has become a member too let's see I
'm not adding them because I understand that they
add up alone yes Juan
Guarnizo well it's not a joke and and he already
apologized so it's like I felt a
little bit calmer eh That's why I posted the
tweet like I didn't fully understand
many things eh but yes it's very
easy like throwing the stone and then
hiding your hand and then well in
private when you made me look
superm put like that apologize
but what I tell them that I tell them what they have to
live through on the internet yes the joke Yes I
know but well at least at least He apologized
like I felt a little calmer and that
Well I mean confront people It's
not that bad anyway  touch clean
friendships no no no it's not friendships just
like let's see I mean I was writing
the [ __ ] that everyone writes
but when it's someone who like yeah Have
you ever exchanged messages I
understand it from the internet guy I mean let's see let's
see when when he's
referencing this look when I've given away
yes I have to add it up by hand okay Cat
Thank you so much queen Thank you so much
my love we're talking about that we're
with we were with seven no
2307 I'll add one eh sure It's that look
when they're saying done it's someone
who like if you've ever
exchanged messages I understand it from the
internet guy with a lack of affection who
writes the same [ __ ] like everyone else
but I said [ __ ] this guy What ent Yeah that's why I
wrote to him that you explain to me let's
see someone was posting let's see
lately what's being talked about is the
subject but it's not being talked about
now again It's that let's see this I believe
and I'm completely convinced my
intuition tells me Really that
at Juan's and hari's house for whatever well for
whatever not because of the podcast
of  delox for the windy interview
that Tito has 5 million Tito
where windy counts again and brings up
the subject again okay I think I said it the
other day okay for me it completely reminded me of
how Ari and Juan acted
when when when Juan already exploded with the thing about
the bed is better than you because they
messed with him in the chat and such Juan
was pretending to allow it and he didn't care
that the girlfriend had only
fan but in reality he didn't care
okay And since he didn't care, in the
end he ended up exploding and Ari ended up
leaving him when her boyfriend exploded and I
think that here I am completely
convinced that with this last thing with
windy the same thing has happened again
the same thing has happened again okay And that's
why they've made a thousand excuses they're ignoring the
evening of the evening not the elan
bernica a kiss I'll put it at the top right now
queen Thank you very much love I'll put it at the top
right now queen and that's where the topic goes
eh That's where the topic goes that topic came up let's
see what I can think of is to see if around
here let's see It's that I know that Dallas
answered  to the tweet today maybe Someone
has written in Dallas' tweet but I haven't
realized that no creator
because it's clear the topic this morning
has revived it Dallas answering my tweet
the cook a creator with whom they talk
from 2015 they are mentioning Poker in the chat
but I have no idea
who Poker is And who is Poker Who is Poker
Who is Poker I have no idea
who Poker is a Who is an ex is not a
friend is not a creator it's poker But
who is poker I don't know who is poker
poker with a three poker is someone who
plays with Vegeta scares me Twitter and
yes he apologized but it's normal normal
that they apologize when when nothing to do with it
dude Ah Don't tell me the
news came on I forgot to stop it
the news came on Ah I forgot to
stop it I forgot to stop it yes it was
around 2:15 man I forgot how cool
The truth is yes yes but well well you see it
later when  I think I'm done here Right now I
'm like the piata people like to
hang around there grinding and
moving like you posted a tweet posts a
tweet daddy saying what's up
this poker poker And what did he
post he hasn't tweeted for about days 14
hours Ah he deleted it Look that's right and
what was it that he posted Ah I mean he
had replied to the tweet we can't
recover what was there what he had
written you we can't recover what he
had written somewhere somehow he
deleted it but of course the guy
went to reply to him [ __ ] I don't know let's
see It depends on what he posted but I'm
also telling you he went to reply to her
tweet where she's showing her house
damn they're also showing
their house it's not cool that you go to a
tweet of theirs to tell her something about
gref one thing is that you speak here with
your freedom of expression and we
give our opinion on the subject of her with gref I don't know I don't know you
know Javi I shared it with you
by DM Let's see well I can't think of what  is what
someone put can recover what they
put in DM I don't have anything
eh what she put was how good Lola
Chiqui but I'm not that angry really
I'm too patient So um
just with the fact that she told me
that well already clean up laziness for
when a tour of gref's room
comes that put that that put
man I wanted a viral t
no [ __ ] man but that already put it to him
put it to her in response man or you know
one thing is that you put it on your
account okay if she wants to see what they
are talking about her or she wants to get into
what they are talking about her or in
the live in the videos that they are
talking about her you know but since you
go into her profile to put it you are
bothering her I love you but there you have it Really how
lazy that they mess with you
when you have not done anything end with It's that
people criticize her when not I
ask why and comes out with that I mean
because they don't like you not because
people comment you have to comment
also what a plan I admire your patience
gra per but  that's why not even
the best dared to do so much we have it
man we have it we have it in the tweet of
the house he put I deleted a tweet
because it was getting complicated very fine I said it
as a joke for the meme I apologize to the
offended parties but to the
offended parties do not say it in the tweet of the house He
asked them where gref's room was
and the shame is that he deleted it
LoL man LoL that I do
n't like that V you I don't
like that I tell them that we don't know or
Well at least I don't know it's a
personal t man it's one thing it's a it's a t
of his house of something that they are
excited about you know how to do it from the House tour
Because with yesterday's tweet obviously there
are two sides of the coin
people who write you super nice things
who congratulate you that they have good wishes
people who maybe aspire to the same or
people who don't aspire to the same but you can
feel like pride for others
who are doing cool things but
there's also that side of the internet that is
like and faces the ass and they get angry
and  they bother you and give off bad vibes and make
comments that have nothing to do with it and that's
like when you realize I don't know, I mean I
feel like it's very easy to differentiate between the
people who are happy and the people who aren't
because it's very easy just to
read them eh but but I hate I hate to say oh that's
because they are Wait wait Wait wait
you guys fell asleep you fell
asleep we're not going to reach 2500
members tesa but it happened or it didn't happen
Christopher I could tell you a lot of
things but I'm not going to tell you because
I think they're already obvious listen to me
seriously we're not going to reach 2500
members have you not understood that reaching
2500 members according to tesa because good
percha hasn't spoken out have a
good night and reach 3000
guys I'm leaving a kiss Antonia is
gorgeous tomorrow she'll know if we've arrived
or not I think we're going to reach very very
we're going to stay very very at the
doors very at the doors we're going to
stay You what a shame gods but in that
specific topic that neither  you bump into me I've never
done anything to you in my life and I saw If you give off bad
vibes in something cool Yeah yeah it's envy envy Let's
see I don't know if she did it out of
envy but she has been
unlucky damn Ho one thing is that you
talk about it on your Twitter account You
have your freedom of expression Okay
thanks luares but since you go
to your ide let's see tesa says in case
someone hasn't noticed tesa says that
if we reach 2500 members that we are
missing there are less okay giving one
each we do it and we go to
Thailand left over Okay tesa says if we
reach 2,500 members there is a
good follower who said that he will
put up the other 500 to reach
3000 I think it's a joke But
well if you get out she says it I trust her
guys I'm reading that you better
not go or rather I'm reading that comment
in the chat Javi in they tagged you with the
tweet let's see Michael Thank you very
much man Thank you very much one each we
arrived Eh I want room tour  from
greev's room LOL LOL dude I do
n't like the crushing either eh Michael
cco more guys come on Michael c more
guy you you T T you horny horny
you you t you horny eh
horny But this is already humiliating
for Juan eh I hate to say it I feel like it
sounds super dumb I feel like I'm like
that girl on Facebook that nobody pays attention to
but because of your envy once my fame I
hate it I hate it I hate it but on those
occasions I think like it could be it could be
yes imagine not being
able to share anything at all because the guy next
door doesn't like it go [ __ ]
bro you're going out today I'm going down and to me
with Okay okay It's okay you
were saying yesterday that if you had
broken up I don't know what Goodbye I love you well V
go you notice them Eh well it's nothing It's just
jokes and that's it What happens is that they are
personal jokes Javi he let himself be
humiliated he didn't stop it in his day yes but in the
end Look man yes yes he yes he Sorry
who are we not to
forgive  let's see, we
have nothing to forgive, I
expressed myself badly if he Forgive me, who are
we to be eh against or
not against or such let's see, obviously these
are things that have been made public, there are
more things that have not been made public, Eh, there
are more things that have not been made
public, But well, in the end, people
have the right to their opinions, Facundo
has given away another 10 kids, we are
absolutely nothing, eh man, another 10
from Facundo, man, we are absolutely nothing,
eh, literally, we are nothing,
kid,
nothing
[Music]
for